add cancel button guidance and dos and dont's (#2140)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/components/button.mdx

- Use buttons when you are performing an action, such as: "submit," "merge," "create new," "upload," etc.
- An action almost always occurs on the same page

### Cancel Buttons

Cancel buttons enable users to exit out of or dismiss the current screen in order to go back to the previous one. Having an explicit way to cancel provides a fallback to safety as it helps discard any unwanted changes. 

> #### Styling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Styling

```

> Visually emphasizing the cancel button should be avoided to minimize user confusion. The cancel button should appear neutral to signify the non-committal action. For this reason, cancel buttons should be presented in the Default Button styling.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Cancel buttons should be presented in the default button styling. The neutral appearance signifies the non-committal action. Visually emphasizing the cancel button should be avoided to minimize user confusion.
```
Leading with the action we want people to take (use default button) and following it up with the reasoning.

- Use buttons when you are performing an action, such as: "submit," "merge," "create new," "upload," etc.
- An action almost always occurs on the same page

### Cancel Buttons

Cancel buttons enable users to exit out of or dismiss the current screen in order to go back to the previous one. Having an explicit way to cancel provides a fallback to safety as it helps discard any unwanted changes. 

#### Styling

> Cancel buttons should be presented in the default button styling. The neutral appearance signifies the non-committal action. Visually emphasizing the cancel button should be avoided to minimize user confusion.

Reviewer 2: 👍

<BestPracticeGroup>
  <Example
    bestPractice={{type: 'do', message: 'Always use default button styling for cancel button, and keep it aligned in accordance with use case, following the hierarchy.'}}
  >
    <ButtonGoodCancelPreview />
  </Example>
  <Example

>     bestPractice={{type: 'dont', message: 'Avoid using Secondary Button styling for Cancel button.'}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    bestPractice={{type: 'dont', message: 'Don't use Secondary Button styling for Cancel button.'}}
```
